I don’t wanna be alone. -Joji
Will he love you like I could?. -Joji
You don’t really care for me. -Joji
I gave you all my love. -Joji
I’m scared of being happy. -Joji
I miss the way you looked at me. -Joji
I’m tired of pretending. -Joji
I’m drowning in silence. -Joji
I’m not who I used to be. -Joji
I’m sorry I couldn’t be enough. -Joji
I thought that I was wrong, but I was right about us. -Joji
I don’t want a friend, I want my life in two. -Joji
I feel like I’m just a ghost. -Joji
I wish you loved me like I love you. -Joji
I’m losing my mind slowly. -Joji
I’ll see you in my dreams. -Joji
I hate that I need you. -Joji
I’m fading into the background. -Joji
I can do this face to face but I’ll admit that I’m afraid. -Joji
Pixelated kisses got me goin' insane. -Joji
Replicate this moment from a million miles away. -Joji
If you never hear from me, all the satellites are down. -Joji
Falling through the atmosphere right now. -Joji
Baby, are you really down?. -Joji
I took a test drive with my feelings. -Joji
I just can’t get over you. -Joji
You wanted me, not my heart. -Joji
I don’t know how to feel right now. -Joji
I’ll pick up the pieces later. -Joji
All you want is attention. -Joji
1AM thoughts won’t leave. -Joji
Stay until the day is over. -Joji
Watch me dissolve into the night. -Joji
I would die for you. -Joji
I’ll see you in forty. -Joji
Don’t leave me here alone. -Joji
I’m just a shadow of what I used to be. -Joji
I’m not okay, I’m not alright. -Joji
I’m scared of what I’ll find in me. -Joji
I’ve been fading out for a while now. -Joji
I don’t know how to feel anymore. -Joji
I’m stuck in a loop I can’t escape. -Joji
I gave you everything, you gave me nothing. -Joji
I’m not the one you dream about. -Joji
I’m falling through the cracks again. -Joji
I wish I could forget your face. -Joji
I’m tired of chasing ghosts. -Joji
I’m not strong enough to let you go. -Joji
I keep pretending I’m fine. -Joji
I’m just noise in the background. -Joji
I’m not worth the fight. -Joji
I’m losing pieces of myself. -Joji
I’m afraid of being forgotten. -Joji
I’m not the same when you’re not around. -Joji
I’m drowning in memories. -Joji
I’m just a placeholder in your life. -Joji
I’m not what you need. -Joji
I’m falling apart quietly. -Joji
I’m not enough for you. -Joji
I’m just a name you used to know. -Joji
I’m scared of being real. -Joji
I’m fading into silence. -Joji
I’m not the one you cry for. -Joji
I’m just a thought you left behind. -Joji
I'd rather be next to you -Joji
Strangers in the lights -Joji
No more living lies -Joji
You'll be here for life -Joji
I was drawing pictures through the dead skin cells on the glass -Joji
Walking through the broken fragments, all reflections of the past -Joji
Things will never be the same, only memories can last -Joji
Girl, I'm never gonna change, I'm just never coming back -Joji
But you're my way out of the matrix -Joji
You don't want affection, You just want attention -Joji
Take what I can give you, Hopelessly infectious -Joji
Tell me I'm the one, you know I'm not -Joji
Tell me that you love me just because -Joji
Smile through the pain, wishing it was true -Joji
You tell me I'm the only one, you know I'm not -Joji
Things that fall apart -Joji
Felt that from the start -Joji
Felt that in my heart -Joji
If you hold me close, you can see the light -Joji
What's it like being that crazy? -Joji
I can't put you back together -Joji
I can't promise you forever -Joji
Sittin' on my bathroom floor -Joji
I just need some dedication -Joji
I am just a shadow, don't take offense -Joji
I must be looking through rose colored lenses -Joji
Don't let the door hit you out when you exit -Joji
Hope you remember our song, girl, I'm listening -Joji
I don't wanna waste time, I don't wanna text -Joji
Don't you know I love you? -Joji
Can you love a little longer? -Joji
Handle me with care in this life -Joji
Baby, nothing lasts forever -Joji
And death is so much greater -Joji
I am a fool -Joji
Lost and delirious -Joji
We can live it out again twice -Joji
And see it through together -Joji
We'll find each other later -Joji
It's so damn hard to see -Joji
Sometimes I can feel it right here in my chest -Joji
Thought I saw you just now but I take it back -Joji
If you could see me right now, you might want it more -Joji
Swear to God this could be forever if you say it back -Joji
It's a little too dark in the spot -Joji
I ain't tryna talk about a lot -Joji
Sometimes I pretend that I forgot -Joji
But every time I close my eyes -Joji
This room could be haunted -Joji
Wishing sleep held me in her arms -Joji
Hallucinations start to intertwine -Joji
I try to move on, but the past won't leave my bed -Joji
Her face lingers on the walls -Joji
She's stuck on rewind in my mind -Joji
Holding on to what we had together -Joji
Like the wind between the chimes -Joji
A single note of my persistent, hopeless lullabies -Joji
I keep waiting to not care -Joji
Trying to find my way back -Joji
Won't you take me -Joji
Take me there? -Joji
I was on the tarmac -Joji
Someone said I used to be a lab rat -Joji
Pretending it don't hurt -Joji
Pushing feelings way back -Joji
Taking our time back day-by-day -Joji
Thought of you make my heart beat fast -Joji
Too soon and I'm way too attached -Joji
You the best that I ever had -Joji
This the first time I hope it lasts -Joji
Kind of face that you can't unsee -Joji
Kind of love that you can't just leave -Joji
Fuck me up, got me up past three -Joji
But I love when it's just for me -Joji
She said, "Nice to meet ya, nice to know ya" -Joji
Lost you in the waves, I'm under water -Joji
If it only gets better from here -Joji
Keep gettin' less of you -Joji
When I give you the best of me -Joji
Maybe my love is just too much -Joji
Can't get enough of you, no, no -Joji
Tryna carry this love and it's heavy, yeah -Joji
I'm obsessed, you're not sure -Joji
If I love you less, will you love me more? -Joji
Cigarette died, cigarette died, not again, never mind -Joji
I can read your mind through the black tint -Joji
Cigarette died just in time on the west side -Joji
